Jiahao
I think you have to prepare in advance this time
This time my big brother may not be able to hold on
Pity my uncle
These hundreds of billions of assets cannot be enjoyed
What are you talking about?
My dad is not dead yet
brother
This is before Dad passed out
Recommended apprentice of the unbright doctor
Business student, I'm here to save Dad's life
Hurry up and let him see Dad
Shiyu, you bring such a father
Save uncle, what is he?
Who I ask to treat my dad has nothing to do with you, right?
Don't blame me for not reminding you uncle
Hundreds of experts have seen this disease
Are helpless
What kind of guy is he with such a little thing?
Playing, you have a small thing in one bite.
Why is your mouth so smelly?
Did you eat shit?
little thing
How dare you scold him